# config/resources/dynamodb

This is a regular `resources` serverless configuration declaration, so feel free to add parameters the same as
you did until now.

## Notes

- Since this boilerplate is very opinionated and uses Dynamoose under the hood, it is recommended for several reasons
that you ALWAYS add the following attributes to your tables:

    - `id` as an `S` type, which under the hood will be an autogenerated UUID v4.
    
    - `type` as an `S` type, and in the ORM Schema ALWAYS set it by default to the singular form of the table name, 
    ex, if the table name is named `Users`, set the `type` value ALWAYS as `user`. This hard criteria allows for a
    generic way to query against the table later, for listings, pagination, filtering, sorting and so on.
    
    - `createdAt` as an `N` type, which will be parsed forth and back automatically for the ORM to an ISO8601 string,
    but it is saved as its number representation to easy queries. Having this attribute ALWAYS specified allows for a
    generic way to sort the collections.
    
- Besides adding ALWAYS the previous `id`, `type` and `createdAt` attributes, it is a MUST to always add the attributes
that you will use for sorting later, besides the default `createdAt` sorting attribute. For instance, if you later 
want to sort for `username`, then you will have to add the `username` attribute in the Resource configuration too, read
the next point to know why.

- Next to adding all the required attributes mentioned earlier, you will have to add the required indexes for the
generic queries to work properly out of the box. You can add as many indexes and of the types you want, but the boilerplate
needs for the generic queries that at least the following indexes are added:

    - One Global Secondary Index per sorting attribute whose:
        - hash key is `type`,
        
        - range key is the sorting attribute, example: `createdAt` (which is always REQUIRED), or `username`,
        
        - the index name MUST be `type{attribute in uppercased form}GlobalIndex`, ex: `typeCreatedAtGlobalIndex`
        or `typeUsernameGlobalIndex`.
